Fri 10 December : added hexa_double_vector_norms, ts_hdnorm.adb,
  new test_hexadobl_vector_norms, hexa_double_linear_solvers.ads,
  hexadobl_complex_linear_solvers, test_hexadobl_linear_solvers, ts_hdlu.adb.
  Extended test_lu_decompositions and reduction.gpr.
  Added hexa_double_qr_least_squares and hexadobl_complex_qr_least_squares,
  test_hexadobl_qrls_solvers, tested by ts_hdqrd.adb.  Update reduction.gpr.
  Added hexadobl_complex_singular_values, test_hexadobl_singular_values,
  and ts_hdsvd.adb.  Corrected a spelling error in test*singular_values.adb.
  Updated reduction.gpr.

Thu 9 Dec 2021 : new hexadobl_complex_vector_norms, extended ts_errfree
  to demonstrate the computation of the 2-norm with hexa double numbers.

Thu 10 Jun 2021 : added the exec_dir attribute to reduction.gpr.

Tue 8 Jun 2021 : defined reduction.gpr to build the test procedures.

Sat 7 Nov 2020 : test program ts_errfree to illustrate the concept of the
  error free transformations.  Adjusted the output of ts_errfree.

Mon 7 Sep 2020 : fixed test_{tripdobl,pentdobl}_singular_values.adb,
  fixed the bug in the loop tests on random problems.
  In all *dobl_complex_singular_values.adb, patched the cdabs function
  to deal with zero imaginary parts as a special case.

Sat 5 Sep 2020 : improved the tests on the singular values, modified all
  test_{standard,dobldobl,tripdobl,quaddobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl,
  multprec}_singular_values packages.

Fri 4 Sep 2020 : moved the definion of sqr function from the body of
  {triple,penta,octo,deca}_double_qr_least squares and
  {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_qr_least squares.
  New packages {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_singular_values,
  tested in test_{tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_singular_values,
  with main test procedures in ts_tdsvd, ts_pdsvd, ts_odsvd, ts_dasvd,
  with updated ts_svd.
  
Thu 3 Sep 2020 : moved test procedures from ts_svd into new test packages
  test_{standard,dobldobl,quaddobl,multprec}_singular_values with new
  main testers in ts_dsvd, ts_ddsvd, ts_qdsvd, and ts_mpsvd.

Wed 2 Sep 2020 : moved code from ts_qrd into the new test packages
  test_{standard,dobldobl,quaddobl,multprec}_qrls_solvers, with separate
  main tests in ts_dqrd, ts_ddqrd, ts_qdqrd, and ts_mpqrd.
  Fixed documentation error in {double,quad}_double_qr_least_squares.ads
  and added new {triple,penta,octo,deca}_double_qr_least_squares packages,
  and {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_qr_least_squares, and
  test_{tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_qrls_solvers, with new test
  procedures ts_tdqrd, ts_pdqrd, ts_odqrd, ts_daqrd, and updated ts_qrd.
  Improved the main menu in test_{dobldobl,quaddobl}_qrls_solvers.adb.

Tue 1 Sep 2020 : new packages {triple,penta,octo,deca}_vector_norms and
  {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_vector_norms, with tests in
  test_{dobldobl,tripdobl,quaddobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_vector_norms,
  main tests in ts_ddnorm, ts_tdnorm, ts_qdnorm, ts_pdnorm, ts_odnorm, 
  and ts_danorm.

Sun 30 Aug 2020 : moved test procedures from ts_ddlu and ts_qdlu into
  packages test_{dobldobl,quaddobl}_linear solvers.
  Instantiated {triple,penta,octo,deca}_double_linear_solvers, defined
  {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_linear_solvers, and extented
  test_lu_decompositions for triple, penta, octo, and deca doubles.
  Defined test_{tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_linear_solvers,
  with new main testers in ts_tdlu, ts_pdlu, ts_odlu, ts_dalu.

Wed 22 Jul 2020 : new package standard_inlined_singular_values has wrapper,
  with a test defined in ts_perfdsvd.  Added some additional operations to
  standard_complex_blas_helpers, updated standard_inlined_singular_values,
  and ts_perfdsvd.  Fixed bug in standard_inlined_singular_values.adb.
  Added time test to ts_perfdsvd.

Tue 21 Jul 2020 : moved from standard_complex_singular_values.adb
  helper routines into a separate package standard_complex_blas_helpers.
  Added inlined versions of the dznrm2 functions to ts_perfdsvd.
  New package standard_inlined_blas_helpers, tested by ts_perfdsvd.

Mon 20 Jul 2020 : new test procedure ts_perfdsvd.

Wed 15 Jul 2020 : fixed bug in lufac in standard_inlined_linear_solvers.adb.

Wed 24 Jun 2020 : defined vectorized lusolve and estco in ts_perfdlu.
  New package standard_inlined_linear_solvers with code from ts_perfdlu.

Tue 23 Jun 2020 : new test procedure ts_perfdlu, to develop a more performant
  LU factorization for complex matrices in double precision.
  Moved complex_parts and complex_merge out of ts_perfdlu and into
  the new package standard_matrix_splitters.

Wed 3 Jun 2020 : added a test on job = 0 in ts_svd to compute only the
  singular values.

Sun 5 Apr 2020 : to {standard,dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_singular_values.a*,
  added a SVD procedure with a work vector to make it thread safe.

Mon 2 Mar 2020 : added another solve() to *_complex_singular_values.a* for
  a thread safe application in the multitasked solvers.

Wed 19 Dec 2018 : defined the max norm for complex matrices in the packages
  {standard,dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_matrix_norms.

Thu 23 Jun 2016 : bug fix in range of wrk in Basis() procedure of all 
  eight *qr_least_squares.adb files.

Sun 25 Oct 2015 : new packages {double, quad}_double_two_norms and
  {double, quad}_double_eigenvales, tested by ts_eigval, to compute eigenvalues
  and eigenvectors of real matrices in double double and quad double precision.

Tue 6 Oct 2015 : used sqr() in {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_singular_values,
  in {double,quad}_double_qr_least_squares and
  in {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_qr_least_squares. 

Tue 16 Jun 2015 : extra tests in ts_vmplu.adb.

Mon 15 Jun 2015 : extended varbprec_complex_linear_solvers with versions
  for matrices stored as vectors of columns.  Factored out code of ts_vvlu
  into a new package matrix_to_vecvec_conversions, in the ../Matrices folder.

Sun 14 Jun 2015 : version of lusolve in standard_complex_linear_solvers
  for matrices defined as vectors of columns, tested by ts_vvlu.
  Add lusolve for vecvecs to {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_linear_solvers,
  with extra test procedures in ts_vvlu.  Refactored lufco in the package
  multprec_complex_linear_solvers in estco, tested by ts_cmplu.
  Added versions for lusolve for vectors of vectors to 
  multprec_complex_linear_solvers, tested by ts_vvlu.

Sat 13 Jun 2015 : tested estco for standard, double double, and quad double
  precision in ts_vvlu, with changed specifications in the complex linear
  solvers packages.

Fri 12 Jun 2015 : updates in {standard,dobldobl,quaddobl,multprec}_
  complex_linear_solvers for matrices stores as vectors of columns.
  New test program ts_vvlu, bug fix in standard_complex_linear_solvers.adb.
  Updated ts_vvlu for other precision and fixed a bug in
  dobldobl_complex_linear_solvers.adb.

Thu 11 Jun 2015 : to standard_complex_linear_solvers added procedures to
  estimate the condition number, some small changes in ts_cmplu.
  Did the same for the double double and quad double versions.

Wed 10 Jun 2015 : factored vvlufac out of ts_perflu into the
  standard_complex_linear_solvers.

Fri 7 Nov 2014 : new package multprec_floating_qr_least_squares, tested
  by ts_qrd.adb.  Extended varbprec_floating_linear_solvers, with extended
  testing done in ts_vmplu.adb.

Thu 6 Nov 2014 : extended multprec_complex_linear_solvers with versions
  for arbitrary multiprecision, tested in ts_vmplu.adb.
  Added solvers to multprec_complex_linear_solvers, tested by ts_vmplu.adb.

Wed 5 Nov 2014 : extended varbprec_{complex,floating}_linear_solvers
  with solvers, and added tests in ts_vmplu.adb.

Tue 4 Nov 2014 : package double_double_qr_least_squares is tested by ts_qrd
  and ts_qrd tests also the new package double_double_qr_least_squares.
  Extended varbprec_complex_linear_solvers and made a new package
  varbprec_floating_linear_solvers, tested by ts_vmplu.

Mon 3 Nov 2014 : moved code from ts_vmplu.adb to random_conditioned_matrices
  and various other changes.  New package varbprec_complex_linear_solvers with
  estimators for loss of number of correct decimal places.

Sun 2 Nov 2014 : ts_vmplu.adb tests variable precision linear solving with
  estimation of the condition number via LU decomposition.

Thu 14 Aug 2014 : to {dobl,quad}dobl_complex_vector_norms, added normalize 
  procedure.

Mon 11 Aug 2014 : extended {dobl,quad}dobl_vector_norms with a conjugated
  inner product, as needed for rescaling coordinates.

Sun 3 Aug 2014 : new packages {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_qr_least_squares,
  tested by ts_qrd.adb.

Sat 2 Aug 2014 : new packages {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_singular_values,
  tested by ts_svd.adb.

Fri 13 Jun 2014 : reformatting of standard_complex_qr_least_squares
  for warnings and readability (replaced l by ell).

Wed 11 Jun 2014 : found the reason why ts_perflu does not work that well
  for complex vectors: gcc auto vectorization does not support complex.

Fri 6 Jun 2014 : ts_perflu to measure performance of lufac with the
  matrix type and the vector of vectors type.

Thu 27 Mar 2014 : small optimization change in the lufac of
  standard_complex_linear_solvers.adb, with change in ts_mgs.adb.

Tue 28 Jan 2014 : new ts_backsubs.adb to illustrate insufficiency
  of double precision arithmetic when solving larger linear systems.

Thu 14 Nov 2013 : for GNAT GPL 2013 warnings, modified
  generic_floating_linear_solvers.

Thu 13 Jun 2013 : in updating {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_row_reduction,
  extended ts_rowred.adb for interactive testing in extended precision.

Fri 7 Jun 2013 : the introduction of integer32 types led to many changes:
  ts_fltdls.adb, multprec_complex_norms_equals.adb
  multprec_complex_linear_solvers.a*, tested by ts_cmplu, ts_fltlu.adb.
  standard_{floating,complex}_qr_least_squares.a*, tested by ts_qrd.
  quaddobl_complex_vector_norms.adb, quaddobl_complex_linear_solvers.a*
  quad_double_vector_norms.adb, tested by ts_qdlu.
  generic_norms_equals.adb, generic_floating_linear_solvers.a*
  standard_complex_norms_equals.adb, standard_complex_linear_solvers.a*
  double_double_vector_norms.a*, dobldobl_complex_linear_solvers.a*,
  tested by test_lu_decompositions.a* and ts_ddlu.adb.
  Other updates occurred in standard_{floating,complex}_vector_norms.adb,
  standard_complex_row_reduction, tested by ts_rowred,
  standard_floating_eigenvalues, tested by ts_eigval,
  {standard,complex}_singular_values, tested by ts_svd,
  multprec_complex_qr_least_squares, tested by ts_qrd, and all versions
  of the modified Gram-Schmidt method, tested by ts_mgs and ts_mgsrnk, in
  standard_{floating,complex}_gramschmidt
  and {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_gramschmidt.

Thu 6 Jun 2013 : copied ../Matrices/ts_fltdls.adb to here.

Thu 27 Dec 2012 : copied ts_{flt,cmp,dd,qd}mat.adb from ../Matrices 
  into ts_{flt,cmp,dd,qd}lu.adb and added tests on the LU factorizations.
  New package test_lu_decompositions, for use in ts_{flt,dd,qd}lu.adb.
  New test functions in generic_floating_linear_solvers and also updated
  {standard,dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_linear_solvers with test functions.
  Added accuracy tests on LU to ts_mgs.

Wed 21 Nov 2012 : new directory with code copied from Matrices, the files are

dobldobl_complex_gramschmidt.adb
dobldobl_complex_gramschmidt.ads       standard_complex_gramschmidt.adb
dobldobl_complex_linear_solvers.adb    standard_complex_gramschmidt.ads
dobldobl_complex_linear_solvers.ads    standard_complex_linear_solvers.adb
dobldobl_complex_row_reduction.adb     standard_complex_linear_solvers.ads
dobldobl_complex_row_reduction.ads     standard_complex_norms_equals.adb
dobldobl_complex_vector_norms.adb      standard_complex_norms_equals.ads
dobldobl_complex_vector_norms.ads      standard_complex_qr_least_squares.adb
double_double_linear_solvers.ads       standard_complex_qr_least_squares.ads
double_double_vector_norms.adb         standard_complex_row_reduction.adb
double_double_vector_norms.ads         standard_complex_row_reduction.ads
generic_floating_linear_solvers.adb    standard_complex_singular_values.adb
generic_floating_linear_solvers.ads    standard_complex_singular_values.ads
generic_norms_equals.adb               standard_complex_vector_norms.adb
generic_norms_equals.ads               standard_complex_vector_norms.ads
multprec_complex_linear_solvers.adb    standard_floating_eigenvalues.adb
multprec_complex_linear_solvers.ads    standard_floating_eigenvalues.ads
multprec_complex_norms_equals.adb      standard_floating_gramschmidt.adb
multprec_complex_norms_equals.ads      standard_floating_gramschmidt.ads
multprec_complex_qr_least_squares.adb  standard_floating_linear_solvers.ads
multprec_complex_qr_least_squares.ads  standard_floating_norms_equals.ads
multprec_complex_singular_values.adb   standard_floating_qr_least_squares.adb
multprec_complex_singular_values.ads   standard_floating_qr_least_squares.ads
multprec_floating_linear_solvers.ads   standard_floating_singular_values.adb
multprec_floating_norms_equals.ads     standard_floating_singular_values.ads
quaddobl_complex_gramschmidt.adb       standard_floating_two_norms.adb
quaddobl_complex_gramschmidt.ads       standard_floating_two_norms.ads
quaddobl_complex_linear_solvers.adb    standard_floating_vector_norms.adb
quaddobl_complex_linear_solvers.ads    standard_floating_vector_norms.ads
quaddobl_complex_row_reduction.adb     ts_eigval.adb
quaddobl_complex_row_reduction.ads     ts_mgs.adb
quaddobl_complex_vector_norms.adb      ts_mgsrnk.adb
quaddobl_complex_vector_norms.ads      ts_qrd.adb
quad_double_linear_solvers.ads         ts_rowred.adb
quad_double_vector_norms.adb           ts_svd.adb
quad_double_vector_norms.ads

