Sun 3 Dec 2023 : new hexadobl_complex_vecmats and hexadobl_complex_vecmats_io.

Fri 10 Dec 2021 : added definitions of matrices of hexa double numbers:
  new ts_hdmat, hexa_double_matrices, hexa_double_matrices_io,
  hexadobl_complex_matrices, hexadobl_complex_matrices_io,
  hexadobl_random_matrices, test_hexadobl_matrices, updated matrices.gpr.

Thu 10 Jun 2021 : added the exec_dir attribute to matrices.gpr.

Tue 8 Jun 2021 : defined matrices.gpr to build the test procedures.

Wed 21 Oct 2020 : new package quaddobl_complex_matrices_cv.
  Added new package decadobl_complex_matrices_cv.

Thu 17 Sep 2020 : new {trip,pent,octo,deca}dobl_complex_vecmats and _io.

Tue 15 Sep 2020 : updated {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_random_
  matrices.adb so all generated complex entries are on the unit circle.

Sun 30 Aug 2020 : instantiated matrices in triple, penta, octo, and deca
  double precision: {triplel,penta,octo,deca}_double_matrices,
  with io: {triple,penta,octo,deca}_double_matrices_io.
  Instantiated complex matrices in triple, penta, octo, and deca double
  precision: {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_matrices,
  with io: {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_complex_matrices_io.
  Defined basic routines to generate random matrices in the packages
  {tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_random_matrices.  Added tests in
  test_{tripdobl,pentdobl,octodobl,decadobl}_matrices, with calls to the
  main interactive tests in ts_tdmat, ts_pdmat, ts_odmat, ts_damat.

Sat 29 Aug 2020 : moved test procedures from ts_*adb files into packages
  test_{natural,integer,floating,complex,dobldobl,quaddobl}_matrices.

Sun 5 Jul 2020 : added Split_Rows procedures to standard_matrix_splitters.

Mon 29 Jun 2020 : added the VecMat_Array type to generic_vecmats.

Tue 23 Jun 2020 : new package standard_matrix_splitters with code taken
  from the procedure ts_perfdlu.

Tue 25 Feb 2020 : adjusted generic_vecmats_io.ads for a compiler warning.

Tue 21 Jan 2020 : extended generic_vecmats with a copy procedure.

Sat 4 Jan 2020 : instantiated dobdobl_complex_vecmats_io and
  quaddobl_complex_vecmats_io.

Mon 10 Jun 2019 : fixed bug in multiplication of matrix by a number in
  generic_matrices.adb, found by compiler warning.

Wed 19 Dec 2018 : added inplace Add and Sub procedures to generic_matrices.

Fri 23 Feb 2018 : to standard_random_matrices, added a function to generate
  random Boolean matrices with a different number of rows than columns.

Thu 22 Feb 2018 : extended the random_matrix function for Boolean matrices
  with a probability argument, in standard_random_matrices.

Mon 12 Feb 2018 : added a random_matrix function for Boolean matrices
  to the package standard_random_matrices.

Tue 30 Jan 2018 : to work with Boolean matrices, defined the packages
  boolean_matrices and boolean_matrices_io.

Fri 2 Dec 2016 : to generic_matrices, added multiplication of matrix 
  by a scalar.

Mon 15 Jun 2015 : new package matrix_to_vecvec_conversions with factored out
  code from ts_vvlu of the ../Reduction folder.

Fri 7 Nov 2014 : functions to generate random orthogonal real matrices of
  arbitrary precision in multprec_random_matrices, for use in the package
  random_conditioned_matrices; completed varbprec_matrix_conversions.

Thu 6 Nov 2014 : extended multprec_random_matrices with function to generate
  a random orthogonal complex matrix of arbitrary precision, for use in
  random_condition_matrices; modified random_conditioned_matrices.

Tue 4 Nov 2014 : added orthogonalizer and random_orthogonal_matrix to
  {dobl,quad}dobl_random_matrices.  Added extra functions to
  random_conditioned_matrices for real double doubles and quad doubles.
  Added more conversions to varbprec_matrix_conversions.

Mon 3 Nov 2014 : new package varbprec_matrix_conversions to convert between
  matrices of various precisions for variable precision linear solvers.
  Added random_orthogonal_matrix to {dobl,quad}dobl_random_matrices.
  New package random_conditioned_matrices to generate random matrices
  with prescribed condition number.

Mon 11 Aug 2014 : added orthogonalize to {dobl,quad}dobl_random_matrices.

Thu 24 Oct 2013 : removed old ts_fltdls.adb

Fri 7 Jun 2013 : updated standard_random_matrices.adb.

Thu 6 Jun 2013 : moved ts_fltdls.adb to ../Reduction.
  Updated generic_matrices, its io, generic_vecmats, its io,
  the standard_random_matrices.adb, {dobldobl,quaddobl}_random_matrices,
  and the test programs ts_natmat, ts_intmat, ts_fltmat, ts_ddmat, ts_qdmat, 
  and ts_cmpmat.

Tue 4 Jun 2013 : updated multprec_random_matrices because of changes
  in natural32 and integer32.

Thu 27 Dec 2012 : significantly reduced ts_{flt,cmp,dd,qd}mat.adb 
  moving LU factorization to ../Reduction/ts_{flt,cmp,dd,qd}lu.adb.

Wed 21 Nov 2012 : moved code to Divisors and Reduction, see the UPDATES of
  the directories in Divisors and Reduction to see which files got moved.
  What remains is below:

dobldobl_complex_matrices.ads        quaddobl_random_matrices.adb
dobldobl_complex_matrices_io.ads     quaddobl_random_matrices.ads
dobldobl_complex_vecmats.ads         quad_double_matrices.ads
dobldobl_random_matrices.adb         quad_double_matrices_io.ads
dobldobl_random_matrices.ads
double_double_matrices.ads           standard_complex_matrices.ads
double_double_matrices_io.ads        standard_complex_matrices_io.ads
generic_matrices.adb                 standard_complex_vecmats.ads
generic_matrices.ads                 standard_complex_vecmats_io.ads
generic_matrices_io.adb              standard_floating_matrices.ads
generic_matrices_io.ads              standard_floating_matrices_io.ads
generic_vecmats.adb                  standard_floating_vecmats.ads
generic_vecmats.ads                  standard_floating_vecmats_io.ads
generic_vecmats_io.adb               standard_integer64_matrices.ads
generic_vecmats_io.ads               standard_integer64_matrices_io.ads
multprec_complex_matrices.ads        standard_integer64_vecmats.ads
multprec_complex_matrices_io.ads     standard_integer64_vecmats_io.ads
multprec_complex_vecmats.ads         standard_integer_matrices.ads
multprec_complex_vecmats_io.ads      standard_integer_matrices_io.ads
multprec_floating64_matrices.ads     standard_integer_vecmats.ads
multprec_floating64_matrices_io.ads  standard_integer_vecmats_io.ads
multprec_floating_matrices.ads       standard_natural_matrices.ads
multprec_floating_matrices_io.ads    standard_natural_matrices_io.ads
multprec_integer64_matrices.ads      standard_random_matrices.adb
multprec_integer64_matrices_io.ads   standard_random_matrices.ads
multprec_integer_matrices.ads        ts_cmpmat.adb
multprec_integer_matrices_io.ads     ts_ddmat.adb
multprec_natural_matrices.ads        ts_fltdls.adb
multprec_natural_matrices_io.ads     ts_fltmat.adb
multprec_random_matrices.adb         ts_intmat.adb
multprec_random_matrices.ads         ts_natmat.adb
quaddobl_complex_matrices.ads        ts_qdmat.adb
quaddobl_complex_matrices_io.ads 
quaddobl_complex_vecmats.ads

Thu 15 Nov 2012 : new package standard_integer_matrices, tested by ts_circuit.

Wed 17 Oct 2012 : updated all *gramschmidt* files so no extra memory is used
  for the projections, updated ts_mgs.adb and ts_mgsrank.adb.

Mon 8 Oct 2012 : fixed the permutation error in standard_floating_gramschmidt,
  and updated the test in ts_mgsrnk.adb.  Added QR with pivoting to the
  packages {standard,dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_gramschmidt.

Sat 6 Oct 2012 : added pivoting in standard_floating_gramschmidt,
  tested by a new ts_mgsrnk.adb.

Thu 4 Oct 2012 : added projection of right hand side vector to
  standard_floating_gramschmidt, tested by ts_mgs.adb.

Mon 1 Oct 2012 : updated ts_ddmat.adb and ts_qdmat.adb to do performance testing
  only on the LU factorization (giving the user to skip the lusolve).

Wed 26 Sep 2012 : updated all gramschmidt packages with the computation
  of the largest error of the orthonormalization and the decomposition,
  and ts_mgs.adb was updated with an accuracy test.

Tue 25 Sep 2012 : 4 new packages: standard_{floating,complex}_gramschmidt,
  {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_gramschmidt, tested by ts_mgs.adb.

Sun 10 Jun 2012 : extended standard_smith_normal_form with 64-bit versions,
  tested by ts_smith.adb.  Also extended standard_integer_matrix_inverse
  with 64-bit versions, tested by ts_intinv.adb.

Fri 8 Jun 2012 : new packages (standard,multprec}_integer_matrix_inverse
  tested by ts_intinv.adb.

Wed 6 Jun 2012 : new package multprec_integer_norms.

Mon 4 Jun 2012 : extended multprec_random_matrices with routine to make
  integer random matrices with entries in a given range.
  Extended ts_smith.adb so multiprecision Smith normal form works.

Sun 3 Jun 2012 : changed ts_smith.adb, renamed package smith_normal_form 
  into standard_smith_normal_form, created multprec_smith_normal_form.

Fri 3 Jun 2011 : source code formatting in generic_floating_linear_solvers.adb.
  Touched greatest_common_divisors.adb to test alternative gcd computation.
  Extended ts_intmat.adb to test the Hermite normal form better.

Wed 1 Jun 2011 : changed standard_complex_qr_least_squares.adb for
  warning and did some code formatting.

Mon 23 May 2011 : instantiated {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_vecmats, made
  {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_row_reduction from the standard version.
  Modified standard_complex_row_reduction.adb for warnings.

Tue 28 Dec 2010 : changes in multprec_integer_linear_solvers.adb to check
  for a bug, although everything was fine there.

Sun 26 Dec 2010 : copied generic_integer_linear_solvers into
  multprec_integer_linear_solvers to fix a bug.
  Also copied multprec_common_divisors off from greatest_common_divisors.
  Added some printing information to greatest_common_divisors.adb and
  generic_integer_linear_solvers.adb.

Fri 4 Jun 2010 : extended ts_ddmat and ts_qdmat with performance testers.

Wed 26 May 2010 : defined {double,quad}_double_matrices + io
  and {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_matrices + io, ts_ddmat and ts_qdmat
  test {dobldobl,quaddobl}_random_matrices.  Instantiated linear solvers:
  {double,quad}_double_linear_solvers, tested by ts_ddmat and ts_qdmat.
  Also {dobldobl,quaddobl}_complex_linear_solvers work.

Mon 30 Nov 2009 : warnings for multprec_complex_singular_values.adb
  led to better management in the top solvers.

Tue 10 Nov 2009 : added conjugated ip to standard_complex_norms_equals.

Fri 6 Nov 2009 : changed multprec_complex_norms_equals.adb and
  {standard,multprec}_complex_linear_solvers.adb for warnings of GNAT GPL 2009.

Sat 31 Oct 2009 : modified ts_cmpmat.adb, ts_eigval.adb, ts_fltdls.adb,
  ts_qrd.adb, ts_rowred.adb, smith_normal_form.adb, and ts_svd.adb
  for warnings of GNAT GPL 2009.

Thu 29 Oct 2009 : modified generic_matrices_io.adb because of bug
  in another procedure, no changes in generic_matrices_io.adb.

Wed 28 Oct 2009 : fixed if-then-else formatting in 
  multprec_complex_singular_values.adb.

Wed 30 Sep 2009 : commented out in standard_complex_singular_values.adb.

Tue 29 Sep 2009 : diagnostic printing in standard_complex_singular_values.adb.

Tue 8 Sep 2009 : instantiated multprec_floating64_matrices, its _io,
  and multprec_floating64_linear_solvers.

Mon 31 Aug 2009 : instantiated multprec_integer64_linear_solvers.ads.

Sun 30 Aug 2009 : instantiated multprec64_common_divisors and
  multprec_integer64_matrices and multprec_integer64_matrices_io.
  Extended multprec_random_matrices for multiprecision integer64 matrices.

Thu 20 Aug 2009 : change in greatest_common_divisors.adb for a warning,
  created standard64_common_divisors.ads, tested by ts_gcd.adb.
  Updated standard_integer_norms.  New are standard_integer64_matrices + i/o, 
  standard_integer64_vecmats + i/o, tested by ts_intmat.adb.
  New standard_integer64_linear_solvers and updated standard_random_matrices.

Wed 12 Aug 2009 : if-then-else formats in generic_integer_linear_solvers.adb.

Thu 14 Aug 2008 : changed standard_complex_singular_values.adb to avoid
  an infinite loop in deflation ... patched it for NaN inputs

Thu 10 Jan 2008 : changed standard_complex_singular_values.adb,
  removing much of the nasty code formatting.

Thu 3 Jan 2008 : updated standard_complex_norms_equals.adb,
  generic_norms_equals.adb, standard_random_matrices.adb,
  greatest_common_divisors.adb, ts_fltmat.adb, ts_intmat.adb,
  generic_linear_solvers.a*, and multprec_linear_solvers.ads
  because of warnings caused by GNAT GPL 2006.

Mon 24 Sep 2007 : added wrappers to standard_floating_eigenvalues,
  tested in ts_eigval.adb.  Did the split off into Vectors.

Sun 23 Sep 2007 : fixed a bug in standard_floating_eigenvalues.adb,
  capitalization of h to H in standard_floating_eigenvalues.ads,
  extended testing in ts_eigval.adb, looks ok for real eigenvalues.

Wed 12 Sep 2007 : inserted cdiv in standard_floating_eigenvalues and tested
  eigen-equation in ts_eigval.adb.

Tue 11 Sep 2007 : fixed a bug in standard_floating_eigenvalues.adb.

Mon 3 Sep 2007 : added standard_floating_eigenvalues, tested by ts_eigval.

Tue 27 Mar 2007 : standard_floating_vector_tools provides size conversions.

Sat 3 Feb 2007 : removed nasty end of line characters from
  standard_complex_singular_values.adb and created
  the package standard_floating_singular_values.

Thu 28 Dec 2006 : fixed bugs in standard_complex_row_reduction.adb.

Wed 27 Dec 2006 : ts_rowred.adb implements incremental row reduction,
  provided in the package standard_complex_row_reduction.

Wed 14 Jun 2006 : because of warnings on AIX, changed generic_vectors.adb,
  generic_vectors_io, generic_matrices_io, generic_integer_linear_solvers.adb,
  generic_floating_linear_solvers.adb, greatest_common_divisors.adb, 
  standard_complex_singular_values, and generic_norms_equals.adb.

Fri 17 Feb 2006 : fixed bug in one of the "Per" routines in
  generic_integer_linear_solvers.adb which gave wrong Bezout number
  when user gave in its own partition!

Mon 26 Dec 2005 : bug in Sum for generic_vectors caused segmentation
  fault for multiprecision numbers!

Thu 22 Dec 2005 : bug in calling csign in *complex_singular_values 
  and *complex_qr_least squares: used cdabs/cabs, but tested wrong.

Thu 8 Sep 2005 : added Link_to_Array_of_VecVecs and Create_Copy to 
  generic_vecvecs, as needed in the package Sampling_Operations.

Mon 27 Jun 2005 : added multprec_complex_vecmats.ads and its _io.ads,
  needed for multiprecision version of evaluating deflation matrices.

Thu 29 Jul 2004 : added Norm2 to Standard_Complex_Norms_Equals and
  to Multprec_Complex_Norms_Equals.

Sun 20 Jun 2004 : the Equal(..,0.0) test is fragile in 
  standard_complex_singular_values.adb, made some patches...

Sun 7 Mar 2004 : added random matrix routine to standard_complex_matrices
  to generate matrices of any dimension.

Thu 15 Jan 2004 : integrated the multiprecision test routine on svd
  into the ts_svd, which runs fine.

Tue 13 Jan 2004 : fixed bug in multprec_complex_singular_values.adb,
  problem is 1.0/complex number; extra output in the standard version
  to shadow the multiprecision routine led to the bug

Thu 18 Dec 2003 : fixed bug in standard_complex_singular_values.adb,
  Solve caused constrained error, mirrored in multprec version.

Mon 15 Dec 2003 : minor reformatting in standard_random_matrices.adb

Thu 4 Dec 2003 : translated standard_complex_singular_values into
  multprec_complex_singular_values, ready to try a first run...

------------------------------------------- since release v2.2

Updates in the future will depend on what happens in Numbers,
in particular, whether staggered precision will be available.

Other linear algebra such as SVD might become available.

Orthogonal matrices are becoming more and more important.

generic_vecmats : no need to have vectors as input package,
only needed to instantiate the generic matrices package!

On July 4, 1999 : standard_random_vecvecs.adb, adaption necessary,
  due to change of standard_random_vectors.adb.
  Copied over to the public distribution directory.

On Saturday 27 November 1999 : added Array_of_VecVecs as data structure
  to the generic_vecvecs, was needed in Sampler of generic points...

On Saturday 5 February 2000 : needed to adapt the package 
  Multprec_Random_VecVecs, due to a change of Multprec_Random_Vectors.

On Thursday 9 March 2000 : added Clear to Array_of_VecVecs in the
  package generic_vecvecs.  Extended Multprec_Complex_Vector_Tools
  with similar facilities for vecvecs and arrays of vecvecs.

Friday 5 May 2000 : fixed inconsistency with random vector call in
  ts_fltmat and added timers.  In generic_floating_linear_solvers.adb,
  introduced a Swap operation.  Also added timing in ts_cmpmat.adb.

Thursday 18 May 2000 : in search of memory leaks, changed ts_fltmat
  and generic_matrices.  Also changed generic_floating_linear_solvers.adb
  and multprec_complex_linear_solvers.adb.
  lufac is okay, no memory leaks for both floating and complex, but
  lufco creates memory leaks - fixed on Fri 19 May, 2000.

Wed 31 May 2000 : initiated multi-precision version of QR decomposition,
  created multprec_complex_qr_decomposition
  and multprec_complex_least_squares, changed ts_qrd.adb.
  It works, but careless with memory, and inaccurate SQRT.

Fri 2 June 2000 : merged least squares with qr for standard float,
  standard complex and multi-precision complex.

Thu 22 June 2000 : added tol in the specification of Triangulate of
  Standard_Complex_Linear_Solvers.  This affected
  Homotopy/reduction_of_polynomial_systems.adb

Fri 25 May 2001 : created new packaged "generic_nested_vectors" to
  represent n-dimensional matrices, as needed for interpolation.
  Instantiated standard_complex_nested_vectors.  Also did the i/o;
  see the test program ts_nesvec for a basic usage.

Sun 27 May 2001 : defined complex multi-precision nested vectors + i/o.

Tue 19 June 2001 : mistake in "Sum" of generic_vectors caused bug in
  multi-precision routines.

Fri 3 Aug 2001 : added "Round" in Multprec_Complex_Vector_Tools.

Thu 28 Nov 2002 : added Transpose in the package generic_matrices.ads

Mon 30 Dec 2002 : added package "standard_complex_singular_values" and
  test routine ts_svd, translation of zsvd.f from linpack.

Wed 8 Jan 2002 : had to change generic_integer_linear_solvers.adb after
  installation of gnat3.15p.  The comparison a'last(1) >= a'last(2) had
  to be replaced by a'length(1) >= a'length(2).
